## Motivation
Bike group rides such as "Critial Mass" events can result in complex patterns on the map that cannot be reflected by indicating a single centroid position. Just think of two larger groups merging into one, or the group turning left into another street after it has been following a street for some kilometers.

Therefore, we need a way to indicate the geometric shape of the cluster without giving away individual participants' positions.
One approach could be to partition the cluster representing the event into small "sub-clusters" that are then indicated on the map.
The centroid position of the entire cluster can still be used to compute the course and distance.

## Cluster Size Considerations
Some considerations concerning the min/max sub-cluster sizes generated by such an algorithm:
- N<3 is not relevant, because clusters with less than 3 members are not reported to the client
- N=3 -> no splitting is needed
- N=4, N=5 -> cannot split in sub-clusters
- N=6 -> can split into two N=3 sub-clusters
- N=7 -> split into N=3 and N=4
- N=8 -> split into N=4 and N=4 (or for algorithmic efficiency, N=3 and N=5 would also be fine)
- N=9 -> N=3 and N=6
- etc.

In conclusion, Nmin=3 and Nmax=5 are needed to cover all relevant cluster sizes.


## Choice of algorithm
- For the DBSCAN algorithm you specify a **minimum** cluster size, but the maximum number of members cannot be specified.
- Hierarchical clustering (and then cutting in the dendrogram) was not considered either
- For this first prototype, I went for the [k-means-constrained](https://pypi.org/project/k-means-constrained/) clustering, although this algorithm scales quite unfavorable with the number of samples to process.
  - For instance, processing 170 points takes a little bit below 500ms on my PC.
  - The huge advantage of this function is that you can directly provide the desired min/max cluster sizes when calling the function.


## Displaying the result on the client side
https://leaflet.github.io/Leaflet.heat/ , very impressive demo https://leaflet.github.io/Leaflet.heat/demo/draw.html

Or do this for each sub-cluster:
- compute centroid and radius
- draw filled circle
- scale opacity or color by #riders/areaofcircle
- then low-density areas are indicated less prominently on the map
